Add figma link in issue template (#16)
layer5io/slack: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation.md

- [Meshery documentation site](https://docs.meshery.io/)
- [Meshery documentation source](https://github.com/layer5io/meshery/tree/master/docs)
- [Instructions for contributing to documentation](https://github.com/layer5io/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-contribution-flow)

> - 🎨 Wireframes and [designs for Meshery UI](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI) in Figma [(open invite)](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎨 Wireframes and [designs for Layer5 site](https://www.figma.com/file/5ZwEkSJwUPitURD59YHMEN/Layer5-Designs) in Figma [(open invite)](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9)
```

Author: Done 👍
